Joyce.
Joy-Joyce. give me-- give me that.
G-Give. Let go.
Let go. Let go.
Let go!
What are you doing?
Are you trying to kill yourself?
What's important now is
to focus on your well-being.
Don't laugh. Joyce.
Wow.
I'm not laughing. you know.
I'm just amused.
All this time. I thought that me and you
were good and really happy.
-You know?
-My love.
-Listen. listen. listen. listen. Listen.
-No way.
No way.
Please don't think like that.
Wow.
How do I even face the world
after all of this?
How will I even face people?
People?
Forget about people. Forget about people.
You know what the problem is?
It's that we can't just keep
reliving the past like this.
-Mm-mmm.
-We're always looking back.
-We have to move on. my love.
-What past are you talking about. Jonas?
Jonas.
Why do you keep saying
we are reliving the past?
This is happening to me right now
-in real time. No!
-Wait. listen. Okay.
-No. no. no!
-Okay. okay. okay.
-No. Let me go.
-We'll fix this. I'll fix this. my love.
-Jo. no.
-We'll fix this. Promise. We'll fix this.
-We will fix this.
-No.
I will fix this. I promise you. love.
-I promise you. we'll fix this swiftly.
-No.
You know
that the babies have to get baptized
before they turn three months old. right?
Yes. Mom. I know.
Which surname are they going to use
at church?
Whose children are they. Ma.
if not Jonas Gomora?
Oh. they're his?
There's no way.
I don't recall him saying a word to me.
I don't even recall anything
about damages.
Damages. Ma?
Oh. yes.
-Aren't you Christian?
-Mm-hmm.
You're confusing me
with this damages talk.
I'm a believer.
But still. I know our culture.
and that's something I respect.
-Mmm.
-This boy is disrespecting us.
My goodness. This is disgraceful.
Disgraceful. Matipa.
My grandchildren are products of adultery?
Oh. Ma.
Ma. I'm begging you.
Please.
My babies are a product of love.
Geez.
Wow.
I give up.
-Hey. brother.
-Is the door closed?
Yeah. it's closed.
What's up?
Get rid of this. Please.
What are you doing with a gun?
Is it legal?
Joyce was trying to kill herself.
-No way.
-I walked in. in-in the nick of time.
I caught her.
-I wanted to kill him.
-I would've killed him too.
-I would've killed him. Joyce.
-No!
No. for real.
I tried to kill him.
I even bought a gun.
I had it all planned out.
I was ready to kill him.
You see. this time around.
you hit her under the belt. seriously.
How is she?
Despite everything.
everything this bastard has done to me.
even now…
just look at me. I still love him.
Yeah. she's still fragile.
But I managed to calm her down.
You know.
you should've seen how happy we were.
We were so happy.
How. friend?
It's like when a bird decides
to fall in love with a fish.
I mean. honestly. where can
they build a life together. friend?
Okay. friend.
I think you're pushing it right now.
This is my husband you're talking about.
Jonas is not some fish.
and I am definitely not a bird.
Wow. you've got balls. boy.
Of course I'm the balls in this family.
You don't bring anything in. and no kids.
You're useless.
-I'm useless?
-Yes.
I'd rather be useless.
Better than being torn between women
as if I'm crazy.
Joyce. uh…
…needs time to calm down and heal.
I won't allow him
to just leave me like that.
I won't let him leave me for that
little trashy slut. that filthy skank!
Mm-hmm. Okay. so what are you going to do?
Okay. use that.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
Women are all the same.
Get rid of that.
-What now?
-Shh.
Wow.
Matipa. just tell me exactly
what it's going to take
for you to leave my husband? Huh?
What?
First of all.
don't shout at me in my house.
My babies are sleeping. Behave yourself.
Don't you dare patronize me.
You know. you can get any man
you want out there and leave Jonas.
Go. Leave.
You can go to Cape Town
or anywhere in the world
your heart desires.
but just go and start you life anew.
You know. I'm not quiet 'cause I'm stupid.
I thought you were gonna say
you're joking. but you're serious.
I'll use all the connections I have
to ensure you get a job. Okay?
I'll even make sure that Jonas never skips
on maintenance for your kids.
Here.
Fill in your banking details here.
Don't insult me. Joyce.
Don't you dare disrespect me.
Matipa. this is not a joke.
This is my life we're talking about.
My ki…
My kids.
They might never recover
from the pain you're putting them through.
But this? This man is my husband.
Do you understand
that this is my life as well?
You want to deny my kids
the opportunity to know their father?
How selfish of you.
Selfish?
Why don't you go to Jonas
and tell him. beg him to leave me alone
if he doesn't love me?
Do you think it's easy
for me to be
in the situation that I'm in right now?
I didn't set out
to fall for a married man.
to love him the way that I love him.
But it happened.
So I'm so sorry. Joyce.
I love Jonas…
with my whole heart.
Oh. Brother.
-Brother.
-What's going on?
The madam invited me over.
She invited me for dinner.
-Dinner?
-Mm-hmm.
-What dinner?
-How should I know?
Oh. You're also back.
Please sit.
Big brother.
Firstly. I'd like to thank you
for coming all this way
-on such short notice.
-Mm-hmm.
And it's nothing bad.
It's also my wish that you are…
are a part of this important discussion
I think we should have here.
Okay.
I've been thinking about this issue.
and I've come up with a solution
for this messy situation
that your brother has put us in.
A messy situation?
It's clear to me that no matter what I do.
no matter how much I wish…
…Matipa's not going anywhere.
So…
I've made the decision
that we're going to take her…
…as the second wife…
to Jonas.
Wow.
She's already cemented herself
in our relationship.
She's in too deep.
So why don't we just make it official?
Hmm?
Well. then.
Brother. could you please
do us the honor of. uh.
leading the lobola negotiations
that are going to take place?
You know. I'm confused. Jonas.
I was expecting you to do a victory dance
once you hear the news.
I actually thought
you'd be jumping for joy.
Because you got what you wanted. right?
Well. I'm going to leave it to you
to be the one to tell our children.
Tell them everything that's going on
and break their hearts.
Brother. can I please
have a moment to talk to Joyce?
Please.
Respectfully.
Joyce.
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Have you thought this through?
This is polygamy.
-It's not easy.
-Brother.
It's not child's play.
I…
What I'm doing
is self-preservation.
-Mother of my twins. Hey.
-Oh. my gosh.
-Where are my babies?
-They're with my mother.
Mm-hmm. Well…
-Ah. Thank you.
-Yes.
Mmm. Oh!
I have a surprise for you.
Okay.
-Why are you so happy?
-I'm just happy. I'm just happy.
What's gotten you so happy?
-What's this?
-A letter.
-Mmm.
-It's a request letter for lobola.
See.
-But… No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
-Wait. Wait.
-This is for your uncles. not you.
-My love…
It's not for you. It's for the uncles.
-My love.
-Yes. my love. Mmm?
-I love you.
-Mmm.
Okay.
Uh. let's go get your bags.
Are they in the car?
Okay. that's fine.
Uh. you can go pack your things and come
back. my love. Come home.
-Huh?
-Listen.
I'm not moving out of my house.
Excuse me?
I'm not leaving my home.
Oh.
Hold on one moment.
You want me to be your second wife?
It's a win for all of us.
-Who is us?
-Everyone.
-Are you including me as well?
-Yes.
-You mean me also?
I can't believe you right now.
Jona… you-you're seriously
talking to me about polygamy?
You're telling me about polygamy?
Polygamy is part of our culture. Goodness.
You know this.
It's who we are as a people.
So you want me to play second fiddle…
…to Joyce for the rest of my life?
No. thank you. Fuck no!
Been there. done that.
Thank you. I'm good.
Okay. My love.
Listen.
Just divorce her. okay?
I will get you a list
of the best divorce lawyers in the world.
Just… just leave her.
Joyce and I are not getting a divorce.
Polygamy? Joyce. seriously?
You know. I had no idea
that you were this desperate
to accept sharing a man
with another woman.
I mean. it's clear
Jonas doesn't want you anymore.
So take the little pride you have left
and leave us be.
Because seriously. this is so pathetic.
Are you done?
Hmm…
If it's "so pathetic" as you say it is.
does that mean
you're going to walk away from my man?
Hmm.
I thought as much.
So I guess
it's welcome to the family then.
Bitch.
Mm-mmm. What rubbish is this?
What's this?
My children will not grow up
without their father.
And I love Jonas.
Oh. no. no. no! Not this.
Heaven help us. Heaven help us all.
Polygamy?
How is it possible. my child.
that a beautiful woman like you.
who's well-educated.
can be this desperate like this?
-Mom. polygamy is not some sin.
-Oh?
Weren't you the one who said
you respect our culture
when you were busy talking about damages?
Or you only respect culture
when it suits you?
Jonas and I love each other.
But do you love yourself?
Hmm?
I'm not giving you my blessings.
At all.
Suit yourself. Ma.
I'm marrying that man.
-We've never. we've never
-We've never experienced this at home
We're all here at the table as a family?
-What are we celebrating? Hmm?
-Wow. Mom.
-You went all out.
-Assistant.
-Please pour me some juice.
-Mmm.
I didn't set out
to fall for a married man.
Okay.
Joyce.
Forgive me. I hear you guys talking
about the reason for this dinner.
-Unfortunately. tonight isn't about me.
-Oh.
It's about my husband.
Me?
You.
Excuse me.
Joyce.
Listen here. Jonas.
You're not going to
make my daughter your fool.
You're going to show her the respect she
deserves because you created this mess.
Um. Joyce.
I thought it was gonna be me.
you and Jonas.
Don't worry about that.
Sit down and relax.
My children are sleeping.
Don't worry. ma'am.
I'll take them to the nursery.
-Mm-mmm. Ntombi.
-Joyce.
Hang on.
They can join us as well.
Joyce.
Menzi.
Mom?
And Mpume.
I'd like to introduce you
to your new mother.
Matipa.
And these babies are your twin sisters.
Hayley and Ashley.
Welcome to the family.
Wait. hold on. Mom. Mom.
What do you mean this lady's our new mom?
Um. Ma. are you guys getting a divorce?
Divorce.
Love.
Aren't you going to answer your kids?
They need an answer.
Or maybe the new mother
will be able to answer my kids?
Oh.
Nothing?
Please. Please. Dad. Please. enlighten me.
Stop being disrespectful. you two.
Polygamy is this family's tradition.
Let's eat.
Joyce. dish up.
Relax. I'm coming.
Ah. babe.
W-W-W-Wait. Babe. what's going on?
Wait. Mpume. Wait. whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
-What's going on with you?
-Goodness. Don't you want me anymore?
Um…
Th-That's… That's not true. Wait.
You know that's not true.
You know I want you. but not like this.
What's going on?
Sorry. babe. I'm a mess.
It's a lot. Bongs.
Everything is a mess. baby.
Oh. my gosh. Oh. my gosh.
I'm not going anywhere.
-I love you. Mpume.
-I love you.
I'll release a statement to the media.
announcing this…
-new arrangement of ours.
-No. No. no. no.
Joyce.
Jonas. what I'm doing. I'm doing it
because I'm trying to be proactive.
I'm protecting my brand.
-Wow.
-And I'm protecting J&J's reputation too.
Your brand?
What about what I want?
What happens then?
Need I remind you…
that we're in this mess
at this very moment
because you were not able
to keep your legs closed?
Oh?
Let me remind you that…
…these sexy legs didn't open themselves.
But I don't know if you're forgetting that
any woman who's able to allow
a married man to open her legs
and fall pregnant
is a complete whore.
-No.
-Wow. Nice.
But the thing is. you see.
if that man was fully satisfied.
he wouldn't feel the need to go looking
for pleasure outside his home.
Stop it. Okay. stop it. Stop it. Stop it.
Let's behave like civilized people.
You were saying?
Yes.
I want to lay a few ground rules
before moving forward.
You are going to sleep at home
in our marital bed.
-Every single night.
-I'm sorry.
You brought me all the way here
just for this nonsense?
I'll go get my babies
because this is bullshit.
Oh. okay.
That's your type?
Anyway…
Please remember
that tomorrow my campaign goes live.
Mm-hmm.